Removing Java 11 and updating related references [HZ-4062][HZ-4168] (#954)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/capacity-planning.adoc

=== Upgrade Your JDK

> Hazelcast does not support JDK 8 and 11, so if you are still on these, please upgrade it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hazelcast does not support JDK 8 or 11. If you are using either of these version, upgrade to version 17 or later.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Newer JDK releases often contain performance improvements, consider upgrading to 
xref:deploy:versioning-compatibility.adoc#supported-java-virtual-machines[a newer supported version].
```

nit - shouldn't it just be <=11? We don't list 7, 9, 10 etc.
Does it make sense to list the supported JDKs on this page anyway? We have a dedicated page for that.
_(not sure the syntax of my suggestion is right)_

Author: I don't think it is necessary to list them here since, as you said, we have a dedicated page (linked from here)?

=== Upgrade Your JDK

> Hazelcast does not support JDK 11 and older versions. Newer JDK releases often contain performance improvements, consider upgrading to 

Reviewer 3: Maybe instead of mentioning a specific version we could mention our policy of supporting last 2 LTS versions, and list what exactly we support in `versioning-compatibility.adoc`

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure it's a good idea to put our policy buried on one of these pages. If Java 23 LTS comes out tomorrow, we won't be supporting it until the next major release of Hazelcast - whereas if it says we support the latest 2 LTS releases, it would be implied that 23 was supported today.

> Hazelcast supports the **last two Java LTS versions** available at the time of its release. Newer JDK releases often contain performance improvements, consider upgrading to 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Hazelcast supports the **current** Java LTS version and the **previous** Java LTS version, as available at the time of the Hazelcast release. Newer JDK releases often contain performance improvements, consider upgrading to 
```

Reviewer 4: Alternate version:
```suggestion
Hazelcast supports the last two Java LTS versions (i.e. the current Java LTS version **and** the previous Java LTS version) available at the time of the Hazelcast release. Newer JDK releases often contain performance improvements, consider upgrading to 
```

Author: > I'm not sure it's a good idea to put our policy buried on one of these pages. If Java 23 LTS comes out tomorrow, we won't be supporting it until the next major release of Hazelcast - whereas if it says we support the latest 2 LTS releases, it would be implied that 23 was supported today.

You're right @JackPGreen.

@frant-hartm , @oliverhowell , I'd remove the first sentence in this paragraph, and stick with a phrase something like ```Newer JDK releases often contain performance improvements, so we strongly recommend you to upgrade to a newer JDK version. See the xref:deploy:versioning-compatibility.adoc#supported-java-virtual-machines[supported JDKs]. Note that the garbage collectors of the newer JDK versions have been improved to achieve much higher throughputs.```, where in the given link we list the exact supported JDK versions for that versioned documentation content.

![Screenshot 2024-02-04 at 12 01 59 PM](https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/assets/5937333/614d6063-b56a-4b91-a086-d5d5ffea65d3)

Reviewer 4: > If Java 23 LTS comes out tomorrow, we won't be supporting it until the next major release of Hazelcast

Yeah, if that's the case we need to be explicit about versions we support and agree with the general approach of linking to https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/deploy/versioning-compatibility
